 

EP 17 000 764.5 DESCRIPTION (03.05.2017) 13 > 14

 

Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd. EPA-139 128

to 1,000,000, in which a low molecular weight component
having a molecular weight of 740 or less is 0.5% by mass
or less, for example.

[0045]

In the foregoing formulae, the organic substituents
RM, Ri, Ri, Ri, RS, and R?® each independently represent
an unsubstituted or substituted monovalent hydrocarbon
group, preferably an unsubstituted or substituted
monovalent hydrocarbon group having 1 to 10 carbon atoms.
Tllustrative examples thereof include hydrocarbon groups,
for example, alkyl groups such as a methyl group, an ethyl
group, a n-propyl group, an isopropyl group, a n-butyl
group, a t-butyl group, a n-pentyl group, a cyclopentyl
group, and a n-hexyl group, cycloalkyl groups such as a
cyclohexyl group, aryl groups such as a phenyl group anda
tolyl group; and their halogenated groups in which part of
or all of the hydrogen atom(s) are substituted with
halogen atom(s). In these groups, a methyl group anda
phenyl group are commonly used.

[0046]

It is preferable that the organopolysiloxane has a
weight average molecular weight that is measured by gel
permeation chromatography (GPC) in accordance with a
‘calibration curve in terms of polystyrene standard (in
this description, “weight average molecular weight” means
this value) of 200,000 or more, particularly 350,000 or
more, and 1,000,000 or less, particularly 800,000 or less,
with the proviso that the content of the Low molecular
weight component having a molecular weight of 740 or less
is 0.5% by mass or less.

[0047]
. The thermoplastic organopolysiloxane polymer

contained in the organic film layer (B) may also be a

13
