 

EP 17 000 764.5 DESCRIPTION (03.05.2017) 145 15

 

Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd. EPA-139 128

condensate in which a organopolysiloxane resin having a
RR? R354 01/2 unit and a SiOg/z2 unit in a molar ratio of 0.6
to 1.7 is partly condensed with organopolysiloxane shown
by the following general formula (1) with the both
terminals being blocked by hydroxy groups and having a
polymerization degree (n) of 5000 to 10000. Since the
organopolysiloxane has a polymerization degree of 5000 to
10000, the organic film layer (B) that contains the
foregoing condensate can be a layer of highly polymerized

thermoplastic polymer of resin modified organosiloxane.

CHs R*! CH
HO-Si-O Si-O Si-OH a)

CH, \R™ /,CH3
[0048]

In the formula, R?! and R*? each independently
represent an unsubstituted or substituted monovalent
hydrocarbon group having 1 to 10 carbon atoms,
specifically a monovalent hydrocarbon group including
alkyl groups such as a methyl group, an ethyl group, a n-
propyl group, an isopropyl group, a n-butyl group, a t-
butyl group, a n-pentyl group, a cyclopentyl group, anda
n-hexyl group, cycloalkyl groups such as a cyclohexyl
group, aryl groups such as a phenyl group and a tolyl
group; and their halogenated groups in which part of or
all of the hydrogen atom(s) are substituted with halogen
atom(s). In these groups, a methyl group and a phenyl
group are commonly used.

[0049]

In the formula, R’', R®* and R*? each independently
represent an unsubstituted or substituted monovalent
hydrocarbon group having 1 to 10 carbon atoms or a hydroxy

group, specifically a monovalent hydrocarbon group

14
