 

EP 17 000 764.5 DESCRIPTION (03.05.2017) 17> 18

 

Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd. EPA-139 128

Particularly in spin-coating, it is general to
condition the organic film layer (B) prior to the use, by
dissolving the component(s) into a solvent and so on so
that the targeted film thickness can be coated. In this
case, the mixture of the component(s) of the organic film
layer (B) and the solvent may be spin-coated while
controlling the liquid amount so as to give a desired
thickness. In case of using a 200 mm wafer, it is
preferable to control the coating amount (dropping amount)
of the mixture to 0.5 to 20 ml. The solvent is not
particularly limited as far as the solvent can dissolve
the organic film layer (B). For example, when the
foregoing thermoplastic organopolysiloxane polymer is used
as the organic film layer (B), it is favorable to use a
hydrocarbon solvent such as pentane, hexane, cyclohexane,
iLsononane, decane, isododecane, limonene, and p-menthane.
[0058]

When the thermoplastic organopolysiloxane polymer is
dissolved into a solvent, the polymer concentration in the
solution is 0.01 to 3.00% by mass, preferably 0.05 to
2.00% by mass, more preferably 0.20 to 1.00% by mass.

When the concentration of the solution is 0.01% by mass or
more, the applied film is prevented from being too thin,
and the film formation becomes easier. When the
concentration of the solution is 3.00% by mass or less,
the film thickness is prevented from exceeding 100 nm
after applying the film. The organic film layer (B) can
be formed by additionally dissolving a fluorescent agent
into this solution in which thermoplastic
organopolysiloxane polymer is dissolved into a solvent,
followed by spin-coating.

[0059]

In case of the organic film layer (B) described

17
